Update README.md (#20)
zendesk/ios_sdk_demo_apps: README.md

This repository contains the following demos:

> - [Support SDK Samples](SupportSDKSamples)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Support SDK Samples](SupportSDKSamples)

```

This repository contains the following demos:
- [Support SDK Samples](SupportSDKSamples)

  You'll find two Sample Apps added to workspace `CocoaPodSample`
  - A demo application `Sample` showcasing the manual installation of Support SDK.
  - A demo application `CocoaPodSample` showcasing the integration with pods.
  
  Both apps are implementing couple of main features of Support SDK.
  

>   **Note:** Initialize your Support SDK within AppDelegate.swift by filling out the credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Note:** Initialise the Support SDK in the `AppDelegate.swift`, by passing in the credentials of your Zendesk instance.
```
